README.md, before:

# kottans-frontend

## Git and GitHub
I have used to be a little bit with Git and GitHub, but thanks to this course I improved my knowledge.


![Git and GitHub](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_git_intro/taks-git-intro.jpg)


## Linux CLI, and HTTP
The course is definitely important. Passed with pleasure. I felt how convenient it was to work with the command line.


![Linux CLI, and HTTP](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_linux_cli/task_linux_cli.png)

## Git Collaboration
This course has helped me better understand how to work with Git and GitHub. Something was new, something fixing the material covered. In genegal, the course is very good.


![Git Collaboration](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_git_collaboration/task_git_collaboration.png)
![Git Collaboration](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_git_collaboration/task_git_collaboration_2.png)


## Intro to HTML and CSS
I studied HTML and CSS before. Most of the information from the course was not new to me. But repetition is always helpful.

![Intro to HTML and CSS](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_html_css_intro/htmlacademy_css.jpg)
![Intro to HTML and CSS](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_html_css_intro/htmlacademy_html.jpg)
![Intro to HTML and CSS](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_html_css_intro/intro_html_css_udacity.jpg)


## Responsive Web Design
I have already tried to create websites using the principles of responsive web design based on bootstrap and media queries, for example https://aldegid.github.io/YukNgalam/. This course helped me structure information about responsive design and more precisely understand how it works.


![Responsive Web Design](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_responsive_web_design/responsive_udacity.jpg)
![Responsive Web Design](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_responsive_web_design/flexbox_froggy.jpg)


## JS Basics
I really liked the JS Basic course by Udacity. Excellent material presentation and good practical tasks.
The second part of the course was quite difficult for me. I often got stuck, looked at the tips, read a lot of materials. But in the end I understood all the algorithms. I think this part of the course is very important. In my opinion, the understanding of frequently used algorithms lays a reliable basis for further development.
The third part is the most difficult to understand. Lecturer thought too fast and the material is not the easiest. Plan to reconsider in the future when there will be more understanding of JS.


![JS Basics](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_js_basics/task_js_basics_udacity.jpg)
![JS Basics](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_js_basics/task_js_basics_codecamp.jpg)
![JS Basics](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_js_basics/egghead_algorithm.jpg)


## DOM
This course has clarified for me the important points of manipulating with DOM elements, such as adding and deleting. Especially important for myself was the work with events, in particular the possibility of adding event object into function.


![DOM](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_js_dom/task_js_dom.jpg)
![DOM](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_js_dom/algorithm_p2.jpg)

Subtask(3) 
[Demo](https://aldegid.github.io/KottansDOMPrictice/)  
[Code base](https://github.com/Aldegid/aldegid.github.io/tree/master/KottansDOMPrictice)
Reviewed and approved by @AMashoshyna.

Commit message:

add task A Tiny JS World

README.md, after:

# kottans-frontend

## Git and GitHub
I have used to be a little bit with Git and GitHub, but thanks to this course I improved my knowledge.


![Git and GitHub](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_git_intro/taks-git-intro.jpg)


## Linux CLI, and HTTP
The course is definitely important. Passed with pleasure. I felt how convenient it was to work with the command line.


![Linux CLI, and HTTP](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_linux_cli/task_linux_cli.png)

## Git Collaboration
This course has helped me better understand how to work with Git and GitHub. Something was new, something fixing the material covered. In genegal, the course is very good.


![Git Collaboration](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_git_collaboration/task_git_collaboration.png)
![Git Collaboration](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_git_collaboration/task_git_collaboration_2.png)


## Intro to HTML and CSS
I studied HTML and CSS before. Most of the information from the course was not new to me. But repetition is always helpful.

![Intro to HTML and CSS](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_html_css_intro/htmlacademy_css.jpg)
![Intro to HTML and CSS](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_html_css_intro/htmlacademy_html.jpg)
![Intro to HTML and CSS](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_html_css_intro/intro_html_css_udacity.jpg)


## Responsive Web Design
I have already tried to create websites using the principles of responsive web design based on bootstrap and media queries, for example https://aldegid.github.io/YukNgalam/. This course helped me structure information about responsive design and more precisely understand how it works.


![Responsive Web Design](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_responsive_web_design/responsive_udacity.jpg)
![Responsive Web Design](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_responsive_web_design/flexbox_froggy.jpg)


## JS Basics
I really liked the JS Basic course by Udacity. Excellent material presentation and good practical tasks.
The second part of the course was quite difficult for me. I often got stuck, looked at the tips, read a lot of materials. But in the end I understood all the algorithms. I think this part of the course is very important. In my opinion, the understanding of frequently used algorithms lays a reliable basis for further development.
The third part is the most difficult to understand. Lecturer thought too fast and the material is not the easiest. Plan to reconsider in the future when there will be more understanding of JS.


![JS Basics](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_js_basics/task_js_basics_udacity.jpg)
![JS Basics](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_js_basics/task_js_basics_codecamp.jpg)
![JS Basics](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_js_basics/egghead_algorithm.jpg)


## DOM
This course has clarified for me the important points of manipulating with DOM elements, such as adding and deleting. Especially important for myself was the work with events, in particular the possibility of adding event object into function.
Thanks @A-Ostrovnyy for recomendation with HTML CSS and fonts.


![DOM](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_js_dom/task_js_dom.jpg)
![DOM](https://github.com/Aldegid/kottans-frontend/blob/master/task_js_dom/algorithm_p2.jpg)

Subtask(3)

[Demo](https://aldegid.github.io/KottansDOMPrictice/) |
[Code base](https://github.com/Aldegid/aldegid.github.io/tree/master/KottansDOMPrictice)

Reviewed and approved by @AMashoshyna.


## A Tiny JS World
The task is not very difficult at this stage. I practiced with JS template strings and addressing to object properties. Special thx to  @OleksiyRudenko for a many usefull recomendation.
[Demo](https://aldegid.github.io/a-tiny-JS-world/) |
[Code base](https://github.com/Aldegid/a-tiny-JS-world)

Reviewed and approved by @OleksiyRudenko
